Norris, how's it going?
Pretty amazing, Bill.
How are you doing?
Man, you know what?
I can't complain at all.
So I'd like to thank everybody who's on
the live stream.
I'm Bill with Service Titan Hacks.
You guys probably know me and joined with
Norris with Service Crucible,
a fast growing coaching platform and
purchasing group.
He was the one that shared with me
the purchasing platform that we're going
to talk about today.
And thanks for joining me today, man.
I appreciate you having me on.
I'm glad we were able to do this
and answer some questions,
get people familiar with it and give them
a walkthrough and then obviously answer
any questions that they have about it.
Yeah, that's great.
So let me start out with a little
story.
So in twenty twenty,
my contracting business,
my HVAC company was buying a lot of
equipment.
And I think I think this was like
this for a lot of HVAC contractors.
Business was really good.
We'd invested a lot into sales training
and communication.
And so our average tickets were really
good, at least for our area.
There were about fifteen thousand or so
and equipment pricing we used.
We were a private label dealer with
Goodman.
And we had a it was great.
We had our brand on it.
We got the ten year labor warranty built
into it and got a little bit of
kickbacks.
And so pricing was good.
And then inflation comes along and get a
letter from Goodman that's like,
we're going up,
your equipment pricing is increasing four
or five percent next quarter.
Then it seems like every quarter they're
just inching up and up and up.
And the natural thought of that is, well,
you're paying more,
let's just increase our
our price to the customer.
But man,
we were already at fifteen grand and
adding all this money.
I mean,
that we would have to increase our sales
skills and everything.
And it just wasn't really easy to do.
So I just kind of, you know,
thought about it like, well,
that's just what it is.
Everybody else has their costs going up.
And so that we're just going to have
to deal with it.
Right.
And
So I always knew that private equity
bought equipment for less than what I did,
but I had no idea just how much
less they buy it for.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
And so...
I was talking to a contractor that I
actually went on a Goodman trip with a
few years ago.
I was talking to him this week and
I was looking through purchasing platform
and talked to him about his equipment
pricing in general.
And he's like, man,
they've been killing me on it.
And I heard that this guy down the
street, you know, pays less.
And we looked up a pricing that we
get through the purchasing platform versus
what he pays.
And it was a thousand dollars more
for what he pays just for an outdoor
three ton dyke and fit unit.
And he buys one point seven million worth
of equipment a year.
So he was like, oh,
this is this is really bad.
So what I mean,
why don't you talk about it a little
bit?
You're you've been offering your customers
this purchasing platform for a while and
they're seeing some really good money flow
to the bottom line without increasing
their their pricing.
So
Yeah,
just tell me a little bit about it
and tell the viewers about it.
Well,
the purchasing platform is something
that's part of a service crucible
membership and any good coaching group.
or platform has to be able to serve
their customers in a way where a common
sense thing is consolidating buying power.
So you can negotiate better pricing,
not just on equipment,
but just about everywhere you spend your
dollars, every single dollar counts.
I mean,
a profit on a job can be the
difference between a hundred bucks or even
sometimes a little bit more than that.
So,
Being able to be at an advantage,
have the transparency in pricing,
knowing exactly how much you're going to
pay and not having to go through quarterly
price increases is a big thing.
I mean,
a story that I'll tell is one of
the things that I do with all my
new members is I have them introduce me.
They see Seam on an email to their
TSM.
That's got to be fun.
Yeah.
It's like, hey, you know, Mark,
this is attached to a copy to Norris.
He's on CC.
He's my new business coach.
And here's what I have my client copy
and paste.
He's worked for several of the largest
private equity groups in the country and
is very familiar with your product.
Insert Lennox, Train, Carrier, Goodman,
doesn't matter.
And he wanted to ask you a few
questions,
but just overall get to know you.
I wait for the TSM to reply.
Then I have another standard formatted
response that I reply with.
I name drop a little bit more directly
off of my experience and shed light on
exactly what I've done in the past,
what kind of rebates we've negotiated.
And so I'll share that.
Actually,
we've we've negotiated up to twenty to
twenty two percent in rebates with a lot
of the manufacturers and distributors that
we worked with.
And so I include that.
There's that.
Isn't that insane, though?
That's that's that pisses me off, man.
I mean,
I would love to see in the comments
of anybody,
anybody that's listening to this right now
has come close to twenty or twenty two
percent in rebates if you're private
owned.
I never did,
and I thought I was negotiating good with
Goodman.
Yeah, no.
That's the problem.
We always think we're negotiating good,
but there's always something that we don't
know.
And so the email and interaction is just
crafted in such a way to create a
back and forth.
Long story short,
this TSM privately gets back to my client,
and he takes him from a five to
eleven percent rebate.
I mean, Bill, you've run a company.
That's a pretty big difference, isn't it?
As far as your check that you get.
Besides labor and the cost of service
tightened,
equipment is the highest expense, right?
I mean, it's huge.
It used to be we were able to
keep...
Labor, I mean, equipment,
maybe twenty-two percent as a part of
total COGS,
top line revenue in a job that we
sold.
Let's see, between Home Service Freedom,
a couple of the PE groups that I've
worked with, now with Service Crucible,
I've seen over two hundred financials.
The average COGS,
the percentage of revenue that I see in
just their equipment,
that's if people have the correct chart of
accounts, is thirty-five to forty percent.
And they're having to compete against
private equity prices.
Private equity prices are about fifteen to
twenty two percent less,
depending on what their rebate schedule
is, how they've negotiated,
what relationships are brought to the
table.
So
and their average tickets aren't less i
mean but they could be so if times
are a little tight their sales people can
can discount and win jobs and still keep
the same amount of money as you when
you're uh have your regular pricing right
well yeah of course there's some
compounding factors too let's see your
equipment pricing does go up yeah and all
right you're compressing your margins
in how profitable you are.
You can't really increase your prices,
but if you do,
you're losing on your conversion rate.
So that's a lot of business that's getting
lost.
And then that bleeds into how you're
pacing,
that affects your marketing budget.
And it slowly turns into this tornado of
like lost control.
You don't want that to happen.
So if PE is twenty percent less for
pricing,
what is equipment cost as a total of
COGS?
Are you still seeing that?
So, Scott, that's a great question.
Yeah.
So PE regularly finds themselves between
twenty one to twenty five percent as a
total top line revenue for equipment.
There's been some groups that I've worked
at.
Most of the groups that I've worked at.
collectively do at least half a billion a
year in top line revenue.
So that's the size that we're talking
about.
There's been some groups that I've worked
at where the sales team's really good.
There's a lot of other factors that go
into it on efficiencies.
And I've seen equipment and materials,
twenty five percent total.
So it can be done.
Yeah.
Let me know if that answers your question,
Scott.
I appreciate you asking.
yeah long story short bill the uh the
client gets back to me he's like norris
i don't know if i should be happy
or i should be pissed we both laugh
and i'm like what do you mean about
the piss part i've been with um i've
been with this manufacturer for seven
years and overnight just because of an
email introduction don't get me wrong i'm
happy yeah well from five to eleven
percent yeah it's it's normal it happens
everywhere
Do you think it's the manufacturer or the
TM?
I hope there's not any teams on this
call and hope we don't share any replays
with them, because for me,
for the most part,
I have not really been a fan of
the teams I've had.
I've had a couple of OK ones,
but most of them just got in the
way of me and the manufacturer,
and I knew they were taking a nice
cut from it.
So do you think that the team was
the one that was holding that money back
so he could get higher?
OK.
No, it's from the higher-ups.
It's two, three levels above them.
Yeah,
they carve up the entire country into
different territories,
what the price points are.
They have their averages,
who buys how much.
They track their year-over-year growth as
far as volume of purchases go their way.
But let's put the TM into the spotlight
here.
Your average TM is hired for greasing
skids on a relationship,
showing up with the pens and the donuts
and the coffee.
Let's say you have a good month.
They'll go to Restaurant Depot with you to
buy a few entire loins of steak.
I didn't ask them, by the way.
I told them.
It was like, hey, I'm at Restaurant Depot.
Why don't you show up with your credit
card?
I want to buy steak.
I've done that too.
You have to.
You have to bring a price increase with
them when they're there, right?
Yeah.
Well,
you know it's going to happen one way
or another.
So I'm like, show up and go.
A few field pieces, you know,
get me a meter, get me a nanometer,
and give me a gauge set that we
did this quarter.
I'm sure you're happy with your bonuses.
I remember you went on a nice cruise
last year, so let's go.
that yes tms they just grease kids on
relationships they don't really have to
say in how much now it's buying a
car i think my experience if you go
if you go to um uh kenny that's
a question we're gonna get that way um
you go to buy a car right and
you already know what kind of dog and
pony show you're going to go through and
you're like no that's too much i want
a better price what's he going to do
he's going to go to the tower that's
right and you know hat in hand he's
going to go behind the glass wall and
he'll be like can you do a better
price and uh eventually that's there's a
process for it right there's a process
there is a process for it it's all
right though okay
like the more you have to swing you
know the better your thumb stick is and
your thumb stick is your collective spend
then um the more for a lack of
a better term belligerent you can be but
respectful at the same time you know
respectfully belligerent you can be it's
like no that's definitely not going to
work um
Yeah.
I mean,
that's why you have like ten to fifteen,
maybe even twenty percent of your total
equipment spend with a secondary brand.
But not just any secondary brand,
a secondary brand that is an active
competitor to market share that your
primary brand has.
We have to think about and use every
bit of leverage that's in front of us.
You want to hit Kenny's question?
Yeah.
So I think that's a really good question.
Relationships with distributors.
I mean, to be upfront,
I think the distributor is not going to
like it in general.
I mean, especially your TM.
So they're used to making good money,
good commission off of you.
You come in and you've negotiated this
pricing at a group level.
The manufacturers have already agreed to
it.
the TMs aren't gonna like it.
In fact,
I've got emails back after people have
joined the platform where they're like,
my TM says that we can't do this.
um at all right you can't use purchasing
platform and then we have to get
purchasing platform involved and they go
directly to the distributor and the tm and
say no this is how this works and
um so i just don't think it's gonna
it would be great for the relationship i
mean if you put yourself in the tm
shoes you probably wouldn't love it
As far as like the comfort specialist
programs and marketing rebates,
those are all still up for negotiation.
It's really that distributor and TM
relationship.
Now, Norris,
what would you recommend they do if you
go to your TM and you go to
your distributor and they get real pissed
about this?
Well,
With the way that the purchasing platform
is set up, so purchasing platform,
purchasingplatform.com is the partner of
Service Crucible.
So we're national partners and that's how
we created the free instance for your
members at Service Titan Hacks to create
accounts and see what is possible for
them.
So what I would recommend is,
as far as the relationship with the TM,
is if they get upset
A benefit that we have is that you
are not forced to order and pick up
from your existing distributor.
Now, geographically,
if you only have one distributor of
Goodman,
because that's the brand that we have in
Dyken Mini Splits, in your area,
and they're not happy about it,
then there's really not much that you can
do.
There will be some stuff that I can
share in the future as this thing
progresses.
But if you have several distributors in a
twenty, thirty mile radius,
you just set it up for pickup from
somewhere else because their branch credit
for the transaction.
They're still getting credit for it.
And your account's not with them.
It's with the person that you're no longer
picking up from.
Kenny, as far as, you know,
comfort specialist possible program
possibilities, marketing rebates,
et cetera.
Here's what I what I here's how I
look at it.
if your pricing if your net pricing is
better than your pricing plus your rebates
and your existing structure what is better
for you more savings for total volume up
front
where you don't have to wait every three
months or every twelve months to get a
check following a specific rebate program
because, you know,
you'll get three points on a fifteen or
seventeen year.
You'll get one point.
There's less distribution or rebate
dollars that accumulate if you're selling
stuff that they don't incentivize you to
sell anyways.
So your savings is up front.
What I advise my clients to do is
create a holding account.
Don't change your pricing substantially.
Change your pricing to where you're
competitive.
And then whatever's left over,
you're used to getting a rebate check
every quarter or at the end of the
twelve months.
Use that at the end of the year.
As far as your tax liability is concerned,
any capex purchases that you're going to
make.
Because for me,
Cashflow is king.
Nothing else matters.
I think the marketing rebate dollars and
other training that they do, excuse me,
which is free anyways,
is a distraction from the fact of how
much my bottom line counts.
Let us know if that was helpful, Kenny.
Perfect.
So Norris, you want to...
Want to do a screen share and show
them the platform?
Yeah.
It's a great next step.
It's pretty,
pretty straightforward as far as it being
like an e-commerce platform,
but I think it'll be helpful if everybody
sees it.
Yeah.
The vision for purchasing platform is to
make it the online contracting superstore.
There's some,
there's some good stuff that's going to be
coming in the future.
So let's, I mean, it's already amazing.
Um,
two monitors okay you're working with them
on design of it right design some i.t
stuff and being the being the subject
matter expert for the industry i've been
doing this for twenty years i started off
as a maintenance tech um i you know
i i i was in the field i've
been in basements i've smelled the the cat
pee um at some houses got out of
the car yep so all right can we
we see the screen
Let me throw it up here on the
stage.
Yeah, I think we got it.
All right.
So because we are under... Oh, any time,
Kenny.
Glad it was helpful.
So the pricing that we have...
is under map policy minimum advertised
pricing i can't treat a pricing unless
you've uh by joining the platform you sign
terms and conditions which puts you under
confidentiality you cannot um you know
advertise the pricing can't do screenshots
you can't show a price list anything else
like that that's why it's poured out this
is not any kind of cloak and dagger
stuff but i promise you i've done some
price comps even with some of the largest
p firms and we are toe-to-toe competitive
with their pricing
And in the top left,
you see the Service Crucible logo.
As a Service Titan Hacks client,
you will be able to join and you'll
see the Service Titan Hacks logo on the
top left.
Once you get a taste of it and
you're really liking the savings,
There's a few more pricing advantages and
savings and perks as a part of being
a dedicated HVAC scaling group and buying
group that you would get with the Service
Crucible instance.
So if you like it,
Just let us know.
Let Bill know,
and we'll get you guys taken care of.
But when you favorite your products,
your most frequented products,
you'll be able to, boom,
just see it as soon as you log
in.
And then it's just basic kind of layout
as far as what you want to buy.
So you can do a Lowe's for Pros
punch-out session.
There's pretty good pricing on Lowe's.
Water heaters?
I mean,
we've been seeing some forty gallon gas
and electric under I mean,
the electric under four hundred bucks and
the gas under five hundred.
And they're A.O.
Smith.
I mean,
you can get your hands on Rene as
well.
There's Noritz.
But I remember things like the consumables
just really hurting me in my cogs on
materials because a pack of sawzall blades
finding themselves on a truck day in and
day out.
That costs a lot of money and it
hurts.
So you get I mean,
I've seen ten dollars off on a pack
of sawzall blades.
So it's there.
You can do an Amazon business punch out
session.
Wayfair,
one of your guys falls through the attic.
and messes up some furniture,
you can buy them furniture.
I've done it.
Yeah.
We've all had to deal with disaster.
I had a guy that was in the
condo building and he calls me and you
can tell there's this absolute despair and
panic in his voice.
And there was an alarm going off in
the background and,
And I and I heard static,
but it turns out static was water from
the fire sprinkler system for the entire
condo building,
soaking the entire building.
That was a nightmare.
But it was funny.
We laughed it off after we're done.
You got insurance for it.
Yeah.
Delta, Kohler, Renai.
OK, so it's yeah.
Yeah.
I mean,
there's there's a bunch of other stuff
like that you can do,
but we're here for HVAC and plumbing.
now when you go in and you click
on goodman so here's some of the tech
stuff that we've built it's just a drill
down so you can filter and find exactly
what you're looking for especially if you
haven't bought goodman before you don't
have uh price books and if you need
a try matchups just let me know i
have every single a try matchups and i
make sure they're flush fit um so you
can you you can you can drill down
so like you can click
Oops.
Yeah.
So you can click on, you know,
buy air handler, cooling vendors.
You're going to see Goodman,
service crucible.
You're going to see tonnage,
refrigerant efficiency.
All of that is there.
And now once you add it to your
cart, this is what it looks like.
So this is one of my clients in
Rockledge, Florida.
And it's a location that I set up
for them.
It's part of their onboarding.
um let's say they're doing a glxs for
ba-thirty-six right it's in the it's in
it's in the shopping cart where are you
gonna pick it up from so here you
have it these are all the locations within
a fifty mile radius that you can go
pick this equipment up from and look at
what it says underneath the addresses as
well isn't that nice
instead of having just to call and say,
do you have this in stock?
And they say they do.
And when you sell it,
they don't because the people with better
pricing get better service and better
replenishment on their orders.
So all products in stock.
Well,
when you when you place the order and
you choose,
let's say I choose
I'll choose Johnstone Supply, Melbourne.
If it doesn't say JS in front of
it,
it's probably going to be a Ferguson or
somebody else that's in the Goodman
Distribution Network.
So I choose that.
And what do you call it?
I can even add it to a CapEx
account.
Um,
or like I can go into the settings
and I can put in a GL number
for what my equipment is.
So my end of month labor is much
faster.
It can be mapped to my QuickBooks as
well.
Super helpful.
And, and in doing that, um,
after I proceed to check out,
this is the screen that I'm going to
see.
It's either credit card or ACH.
There's no net terms.
Um,
you uh you you place the order and
you'll get an order confirmation and
within an hour especially if you selected
a location where all products are in stock
you'll get a notification that it's ready
for pickup at will call in some areas
depending on the goodman distribution
network you will be able to get delivery
for a hundred bucks so if you don't
need it for a next day install you
can set it up that way as well
so that's a really quick walkthrough
without me actually showing any actual
pricing
But if anybody ends up being a part
of the program and they've got some
questions,
we'll leave our contact information at the
end so you guys can reach out and
I'll answer any questions that you guys
got.
So you can sign up for the platform,
register, see your pricing,
and if it looks good,
you can decide whether or not you are
going to purchase from there.
It's not a matter of if.
It's a guarantee that it's going to look
good.
Unless you somehow have negotiated some
amazing pricing.
Yeah,
then we need to have a conversation if
they've done that.
Yeah, right.
There's only one...
Um,
it's very easy to imagine who to talk
to private equity companies in the country
are, um,
one starts with a one starts with w
those are the only two price points that
I can't touch, but I'm that close.
That's nice, man.
So we got Goodman and Dyken on there
now.
What do we think about any other equipment
in the future?
It is part of the conversation.
I can't guarantee anything,
but I am actively trying to get –
like I'm exploring whether I can do Bosch,
right?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I'm trying to do Bosch.
I mean there's Madea, TCL,
but I want to see if I can
do some of the other well-known brands.
I think this is the way of the
future, Bill,
because –
I've lived the life of an operator.
I've seen how, I mean,
I felt how horrible it was not knowing
if I was gonna make payroll or not.
And just looking at all the equipment
pricing and I have to give away all
the profit just so I can get the
guy's hours.
I've been through moments like that.
And it's been a really interesting peek
behind the curtain for me the last few
years.
And, you know,
I'm pretty sure there's some amazing
people that work at these distributors,
but they are one of the number one
bottlenecks in private-owned,
family-owned companies being able to grow.
Yeah.
They are fleecing us in some sense because
that's why they get pissed when they find
out sometimes they get upset.
And there's a, how'd you get this pricing?
And it's like, well, you know,
I'm under a map.
I can't share anything.
I just joined the national buying group
and that's my pricing.
And they,
if they were to give you the same
pricing we did,
they'd probably go out of business.
And you know,
it's time to put your kids and grandkids
through Ivy league school instead of their
kids and grandkids through Ivy league
school.
I think that's a fair statement to make.
Tell us how you really feel, Norris.
I love this industry.
It's a way of life.
It's not a job for me.
I don't like wasting people's time with
the whole hype sensationalist stuff.
No.
Pricing is better.
I've seen a double digit increase in net
profitability with several of my clients
within ninety days of selling the majority
of the equipment through the platform.
I mean,
it's not the easiest things to do, right?
It's not easy to increase your average
ticket on something, on equipment.
It takes a lot of sales skills.
It takes your marketing being on point,
a lot of training.
It's easier to figure out a way to
spend less on parts and equipment than it
is to
to move that dollar amount up.
And I think and I know that contractors,
really good contractors are always working
on increasing average tickets.
Oh, yeah.
But then only for the most part,
big contractors are ones that are really,
really good on procurement side,
making sure that they're always paying the
least amount possible for the products
they buy.
Well, yeah.
Excuse me.
Annoying cough.
You make me think about the there's a
difference between buying power and buying
intelligence.
When you're in the two, four,
six million dollar range,
most of your bandwidth is associated with
getting the phone to ring,
running the calls,
converting as many opportunities as you
can, doing a great job,
getting the reviews.
Make people happy.
You don't have a dedicated arm or muscle
towards purchasing.
I mean,
where I've had the bandwidth and the
budget spent,
I had an entire procurement department.
And so...
Imagine that though,
that is several individuals on salaries
and benefits.
And that juice was worth every bit of
the squeeze for me.
Because I was getting ROI on their
salaries because I was keeping every
single distributor and purchase honest
with me.
And I would give them hell every time.
Where's that point?
That dollar amount where,
as far as that revenue for just an
HVAC contractor,
where that starts to become at least a
break even, right?
Just to have someone reviewing your
pricing continuously and negotiating it
and making sure it's good.
Yeah.
Like buying power and buying intelligence
want the same thing,
but they're two completely different
disciplines and capabilities.
Yeah.
It's always been a mix of things for
me.
I had this one plumbing manager.
He had the eyes of a hawk.
He had this tick bill where he would
go through every single invoice.
And he's like,
do you see – he would just –
and he was funny because he would have
knocked.
He would just bust in like Kramer on
Seinfeld right through my office door.
He would just – he would frighten me
every single time that he did it.
He's like – and he would come up
to me.
He's like, do you see this?
Like I love the passion.
That's what he did.
And that gave me the ammunition.
But then with a proper procurement
department, these people,
they become –
the worst pain in the side of these
of these distributors and supply houses
because they're in their inboxes and
phones every single day um because i hate
this that when they um when they um
switch up on you at the counter even
though you have negotiated prices you pay
something else at the counter kenny um
that's awesome that you see that you can
have some immediate utilization especially
with the apartment complexes
With Train,
if your third or fourth option that you're
offering is a run true,
so you can cover the spread and increase
the probability of the best possible
closing rate, instead of a run true,
if the Goodman pricing turns out to be
competitive,
maybe you can do that as your third,
fourth option.
That's great feedback, though.
Thank you.
Yeah.
you're going when you're talking about
procurement i worked at a manufacturer and
i worked in um i worked at liebert
um i don't know if you're familiar with
them make uh ac systems for data centers
so pretty big pretty big company today
they sold out to a company called vertiv
but
um i worked in quality um was part
of procurement and saw this from a
manufacturer corporate level where they
would just watch every penny man and make
sure they were spending the least amount
of money possible and um i did not
do that in my hvac business i did
not i'll be honest i didn't really have
the time it was a lot of work
and i caught some things that were very
very expensive overpaying online sets and
man summer of i got killed on line
sets just killed on them oh man yeah
i've got some similar experiences to that
i mean yeah um yeah every time like
let's say a a ten or fifteen foot
run was needed because air handler was
right there condenser was right outside
the wall they would grab a whole fifty
foot line i'm like what are you doing
And so I would have a serious conversation
with the warehouse people and the
installer.
I'm like, man, if this was your business,
what would you do?
But from the manufacturing standpoint,
you're absolutely right.
One of the companies that I used to
work for,
their family owned a truck toolbox
manufacturing company.
And they would sell through Lowe's and
Home Depot.
And it was called Better Built.
I'm not sure who it got bought out
from,
but it got bought out by one of
the big box stores.
They were telling me a story.
It was such a strong impression made on
me.
At one of the stations where
They're grabbing sheets of aluminum to cut
and bend on the presses and everything
else.
They're just not making their profit.
There's no way because their sale prices
were pre-negotiated.
They're like,
we got to save on our expenses.
And so one of them was watching the
camera, the footage,
and every time this guy was doing a
part, he'd grab a tool,
walk to the rack, grab something,
go to the machine, press,
and then put it back.
And they're like,
he's taken an X amount of steps.
He's taken a hundred and twenty steps.
They're like,
if we move this station over here and
that station over there,
each time that they need to do that
one bend,
um we can take it down to forty
eight steps for example that saved them a
couple of points which is massive when it
comes to millions of dollars in
manufacturing i've done the same thing
with my plumbers bill yeah this girl she
was she was the water heater queen for
me
She would just, she would, she would,
she would sell every water heater
opportunity that she would go to.
And I did a ride along with her.
I don't care.
I don't care if you're a service manager
or to,
or to CEO of a national home service
brand, you gotta be in the field.
Otherwise there's no respect.
Um, so I'm just,
I'm helping her install a water heater and
I'm just watching how many times she's
going in and out, in and out,
in and out.
And I was like, you know,
I will buy you a Husky kind of
chest.
You've been making good money.
I want you to invest in the exact
same set of tools that you use for
water heaters and just keep that ready.
One trip in, set everything up,
one trip out to take out the old
water heater.
And when you go back inside, that's it.
You're buttoning up and finishing on the
install.
So she was able on average to do
like two to three a day.
She could do four to six a day,
depending on how hot it was.
It counts, man.
You drop those labor costs there and you
can pay them a little bit more and
you can spend more money on marketing and
help grow your business.
So, I mean,
I think that the biggest unlock would be
getting that equipment pricing down.
But then from there,
it goes to everything else, right?
What was your...
gosh, what was that,
like six or seven percent max parts and
materials as a percentage of sales on
equipment, on equipment sales?
Maybe it was six or seven percent.
I have to go back and look.
So there's still a lot of money to
be saved on those,
but the equipment obviously is the big one
you want to check off the box.
A hundred percent.
I mean,
that's the biggest swing that you can have
is actual,
it's the largest chunk of cogs right next
to direct labor.
yeah and if the only way you can
really cut that is efficiency start
cutting away people's paycheck then you
got another problem right yeah yeah so i'd
rather deal with dollars and cents on
equipment than the emotions and difficult
conversations um because
there's only so much political correctness
you can have when you tell somebody that's
inefficient that they suck plus that's not
good leadership you you you you kind of
have to observe what they're doing how you
can help them improve if there's you know
if they're salvageable yeah yep put
together the structure to make make it so
that it's as easy as possible for them
to succeed right you know and that comes
with really really detailed processes
yeah yeah hundred percent felix that's a
that's a really good call out um that's
that's and that's a great performance
revenue two tax one comfort advisor that's
amazing you're at a very big pivotal
moment i'd be very surprised i'd be i'd
be very curious to see what the
comparisons and price are going to be so
um you just use the link that bill
shares to uh sign up
and just go and start comparing.
Let us know.
I'd be very curious to know what your
feedback is with what you think is great
pricing and what the pricing is that you
would potentially get through the
platform.
If you're getting better pricing,
let me know because we can probably do
something about it.
It's not that we don't want to share
the pricing on here.
We have it blurred out.
We can't legally post what it is.
There's...
the legalese that we signed to get people
signed up on the platform.
We can share the link with you.
You can register if you're a licensed
contractor and see it for yourself.
We can't post any of that because you
know I would if I could.
All day long.
If you're telling me that we couldn't,
I would have dropped that price book.
Check this out, guys.
Yeah.
i mean you put the link right there
it's going to take them two minutes to
sign up it's not like we're hiding
anything yeah so it's complete
transparency um because you would have to
sign sign up you fill out the application
you sign up boom you have access to
it it just it puts you under the
terms of condition for minimum advertised
pricing which is a one strike policy by
the way you guys like it um you're
not obligated to share anything with
anyone if they ask you how and what
you're getting your pricing you just say
i'm a part of uh
you don't have the distributors nope you
cannot and will not um otherwise you just
won't get access to it because that's how
the map policy works so um and why
would you share it anyways because it's
like um what do you call it you're
going to uh somebody's house to quote them
a system and then um when you don't
get a yes because you didn't build enough
value then you're like hey you know what
if i drop this fifteen percent will you
buy right now so
No,
let the distributor put their best foot
forward.
Lord knows they've had years of
opportunity to do that anyways.
Awesome.
Cool.
Well, we're coming up on time here.
Anybody else in here have any other
questions that we can answer for you
today?
No, we're good.
We could keep talking crap all day long
about this, right, Norris?
Yeah, a hundred percent.
It's just, I mean,
we go back some and we're just,
we're so philosophically aligned.
I mean, we shoot the breeze easily.
That's right, man.
Well, hey, thanks for joining me today.
It was a great chat.
Hopefully it was helpful for everybody on
it.
I'm going to send a replay out to
everybody that signed up and man,
I hope everybody can save some money.
That sounds good.
You guys do anything, hit us up.
Thanks, Bill.
Thanks again for having me.
See you guys.
Take care.
Bye.